_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hello! I am a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Utah, working with [Prof. Yao-Yuan Mao](https://yymao.github.io/). I am primarily interested in understanding the formation and evolution of low-mass "dwarf" galaxies using observational techniques. My broader research interests include Galaxy Formation and Evolution, Observational Astronomy, Dwarf Galaxies, Satellite Galaxies, Active Galactic Nuclei, Intermediate-Mass Black Holes, Supermassive Black Holes, and Lyman Alpha Emitters.

I was born in [Hyderabad, India](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyderabad), and grew up in several cities around the country. I completed my Integrated M.Sc (Physics) from [Visva-Bharati University](https://www.visvabharati.ac.in/index.html), West Bengal, India, where I was a [DST-INSPIRE](https://online-inspire.gov.in/) scholar for the entire period of five years (2010 - 2015). I then completed my Ph.D. in Astronomy and Astrophysics at the University of Arizona in 2023 under the guidance of [Dr. Stéphanie Juneau](https://stephjuneau.github.io/) and [Dr. Arjun Dey](https://arjundeyastro.wordpress.com/). My thesis work ("[Dwarf Galaxies as Probes of Galaxy Evolution](https://repository.arizona.edu/handle/10150/669820)") focused on answering several key questions in galaxy evolution using low-mass galaxies. 

[Curriculum Vitae](http://ragadeepika-pucha.github.io/files/Pucha_CV.pdf){: .btn .btn-purple}

## Latest 

* [DESI Finds Black Holes are Common in Small Galaxies Too](https://www.desi.lbl.gov/2025/02/08/desi-finds-black-holes-are-common-in-small-galaxies-too/)
* [A Cosmin Census Triples the Known Number of Black Holes in Dwarf Galaxies](https://www.sciencenews.org/article/census-black-holes-dwarf-galaxies)

Commit message:

Completed About Me and Research

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
<p style='text-align: justify;'>
Hello! I am a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Utah, working with <a href="https://yymao.github.io/">Prof. Yao-Yuan Mao</a>. My primary research focuses on understanding the formation and evolution of low-mass "dwarf" galaxies through observational techniques. I am broadly interested in various aspects of galaxy evolution including topics such as Active Galactic Nuclei, Intermediate-Mass Black Holes, Supermassive Black Holes, Satellite Galaxies, and Lyman-Alpha Emitters. <br/><br/>

I was born in <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyderabad">Hyderabad, India</a>, and grew up in several cities around the country. I completed my Integrated M.Sc (Physics) at <a href="https://www.visvabharati.ac.in/index.html">Visva-Bharati University</a>, West Bengal, India, where I was a <a href="https://online-inspire.gov.in/">DST-INSPIRE</a> scholar for the entire period of five years (2010 - 2015). After that, I earned my Ph.D. in Astronomy and Astrophysics from the University of Arizona in 2023, under the guidance of <a href="https://stephjuneau.github.io/">Dr. Stéphanie Juneau</a> and <a href="https://arjundeyastro.wordpress.com/">Dr. Arjun Dey</a>. My thesis work, titled "<a href="https://repository.arizona.edu/handle/10150/669820">Dwarf Galaxies as Probes of Galaxy Evolution</a>
", focused on answering several key questions in galaxy evolution using low-mass galaxies. You can learn more about my work [here](http://ragadeepika-pucha.github.io/research/).

</p>

[Curriculum Vitae](http://ragadeepika-pucha.github.io/files/Pucha_CV.pdf){: .btn .btn-purple}

## Latest 

* [DESI Finds Black Holes are Common in Small Galaxies Too](https://www.desi.lbl.gov/2025/02/08/desi-finds-black-holes-are-common-in-small-galaxies-too/)
* [A Cosmin Census Triples the Known Number of Black Holes in Dwarf Galaxies](https://www.sciencenews.org/article/census-black-holes-dwarf-galaxies)
